Add product manager onboarding handbook page (#17179)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/product/product-manager-onboarding.md

- The onboarding buddy should still review some of the big projects or RFCs the new PM is working on, and give feedback.
- The onboarding buddy should also share their impressions & feedback with the small team lead & Blitzscale manager, so they have all the context for a successful probation period.

## About the probation period

There is not one person alone who can assess the success of a new PM. Instead, the success of the probation period should be co-owned by the onboarding buddy, the small team lead(s) and the Blitzscale manager, with the Blitzscale manager making the call if, in a rare case, a new PM doesn't pass probation. They should regularly share feedback with each other, and of course the new PM.

**Questions for the onboarding buddy:**
- Has the PM adopted our ways of working & style successfully?
- Does the work they produce meet our bar (growth reviews, RFCs, pricing work, etc.)?
- Do they bring good energy to the PM meetings?
- Do they raise the bar across PMs for how they work, and best practices they share with the team?
- Keeper test: If the PM were to leave, would you feel the loss, and fight to keep them?

**Questions for the small team leads:**

> - Does the PM make your job easier, by the context & user feedback they facilitate?

Reviewer: I think the first question for the small team lead should be more similar to the one for the blitzscale member

- "Can you see the PM bringing value to the team, by the context & user feedback they facilitate?" "over make job easier" Sometimes it is the job to disagree, and that _could_ make the leads job harder in a sense

> - Does the PM make your job easier, by the context & user feedback they facilitate?

Author: ```suggestion
- Can you see the PM bringing value to the team, by the context & user feedback they facilitate?
```

- Do you observe a healthy team environment, with the engineers appreciating the work and energy the PM is bringing into the team?
- Keeper test: If the PM were to leave the team, would you feel the loss, and fight to keep them?

## First 6 months success criteria

This is a reusable template for the success criteria we set with a new PM. Copy the block below into the onboarding doc and adjust it per person and per the products they'll be working on.

```
### First day

- Set all accounts up
- Complete a PostHog quest (e.g. answer a question that requires a funnel, watch some recordings)
  - Potentially find out from team leads what would be interesting to know
- Make one small PR to the handbook, e.g. update the PM team page (/handbook/product/product-team) with your team responsibilities

### First week

Overarching goal: You have access to everything and as a result can do work that is given to you with a reasonable amount of context, so you're not doing the work uninformed of data / what users are saying.

- Complete the onboarding checklist
- You can work autonomously and drive data analysis & user research for your teams
- Set up two customer interviews

> - Set up 1:1s with your teams' leads. Other people we'd recommend meeting in your first couple of weeks are people from the marketing, billing, and growth teams

Author: ```suggestion
- Set up 1:1s with your teams' leads. Other people we'd recommend meeting in your first couple of weeks are people from the product marketing, support, billing, sales, and growth teams. Most teams have a expert for your specific product, those are the best fit
```

- You've understood the roadmap + quarterly goals for your teams, and perhaps updated some of it on the roadmap (/roadmap)
- You've reviewed and contributed to at least one RFC or open discussion in your team → chat to a team lead about what makes sense here

### First month

Overarching goal: You know how to prioritise your own time and get the work done. You are regularly talking to users, reviewing data proactively, and confidently driving growth reviews, perhaps with a little assistance still.

- Set up 1:1s with everyone in your teams to get to know them
- You've helped your teams prioritise what to work on in their sprints
- You've prepared the first growth review for your team, have a solid understanding of the relevant metrics, and shared your insights with the team
- You've brought one big problem to the attention of engineers, (helped) write an RFC (if anything relevant is in progress) and added customer anecdotes and data
- Continuously setting up and running user interviews where necessary, and sharing your insights with the team

> - After 30 days & the first growth review: organise an (informal) feedback session with the team, to get feedback on your work so far and how to improve your ways of working together

Reviewer 2: Something I found helpful here was a call with our PMM. Additionally, I still need to do it but I feel like a meeting with a sales team member that has overlap with AIO will be extremely helpful

Author: @marco-g-pm  specified this above, line 104
